Update documentation with initial PDP [6457] (#57)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/advanced.rst

    Before discovering any entity of a remote participant, both participants have to meet between them.
    Participant Discovery Phase provides this step and is responsible for sending periodic information about itself.
    To know how to configure where to send this periodic information, see :ref:`initial-peers`.

>     To know how to configure these announcements period and count, see :ref:`Discovery Configuration <dconf>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To know how to configure the announcement period and count, see :ref:`Discovery Configuration <dconf>`.
```
